Teryl Audio
Live from Austin, Texas and taught by Southwest Festival
My deep, deep pleasure to announce that Harmontown is now in session
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon
Thank you
Thank you very much
Hello Austin, how many of you from Austin?
Wow, okay that's great, that's nice, that's a cool city and they seem like good people
This is the best town, I love it
Yeah, I mean we would normally say that in any city but we would be lying in most of them
Austin is definitely always enchanting, you know what they call it Jeff?
They call it the San Francisco of Texas
Is that true?
Yeah, I do, I call it that
There's some facts about Austin, the typewriter was invented here
In 1842 it went to war with Oklahoma and won
Because they wanted it to be shaped like Texas
And Oklahoma wanted to kind of like change the top square part of Texas and just be a box
But Oklahoma has to be shaped like a saucepan because Texas won
The right to be shaped like Texas
Good job, what a great state, what a big great state
You can see it from outer space
It's the only state that you can see from outer space
It's the only one that Google satellite maps can actually identify as a state
It's three times bigger than the Great Wall of China coiled up into a Texas shape
They just started allowing Asians in here as well
They just started
I think it's very progressive of you guys to finally make that leap
Texas is one of the pioneers of Asian immigration
The song Yellow Rose of Texas is actually
About a lady named Rose
It's code for Asian
Give me your Asian weary, your Asian huddled masses yearning to breathe free
In a big giant state you can see from outer space like your stupid Great Wall
Anyway, but we don't want to localize the show
We want to give you a taste of Harmontown as we do it in Los Angeles
In the back of a quiet comic book store
We're gathered here, we're podcasting live through YouTube
Hey bar people, shut up
No, I mean, too much
That doesn't matter
It kind of worked
We love you bar people
One of the perils of podcasting live is that YouTube has automated bots and drones
That are detecting the music that we were playing
I was going to play some kick-ass local country music
But we were afraid that it would shut down the podcast
Yeah, it detects copyrighted music
So we were playing some of our friends' bands
Dustin Marshall, our producer, has some friends with bands
And you probably couldn't tell it from real music
You probably thought it was real music, didn't you?
Where's the camera? Who's shooting this?
Right there?
Just some deal with the handheld thing?
On a VHS from 1978
No, it's it
Wow
Jeff's confused, we're not podcasting it video live
Oh, I thought it was actually video for YouTube as well
No, no, you can do whatever you want physically
Whatever you wanted to do
So I should put my pass back on
Whatever you felt you weren't allowed to do
I don't know how technologies work
We're here at South by Southwest
Because we're premiering the Harmontown documentary tonight
It's going to be good
Spencer hasn't seen it
It's amazing that Spencer hasn't seen it
Because he's essentially the star of it
Spencer, I told him we had lunch today
Spencer and I had a nice little date this afternoon
We went to a photo booth, it was very romantic
A couple of people walking down the road saw Spencer
They were like, Spencer! Spencer!
It's going to fucking change everything for that guy
Yeah, Jesus
I had lunch with the guys that literally started
Kickstarter today
I have a wireless mic, Dan
So go on, I'm going to go retrieve my beer
Okay
I'm going to test the limits of this microphone
This is called crowd work
Jeff, we're sending them out like an aqua knot
Hello, good to see you
Good to see you
Pardon me
Get out of my way
Sorry, sorry
There you are, you little devil
Go on, Dan
How far can you go?
Huh?
Find out how far you can go
Should we find out?
Yeah
Let's take it to the back
All right
It's all right by that bar, people
Let's check, check
It's still working, man
We can really get out
We can use this space
I'm playing, I clicked a cue
Hello, how are you?
Can I get you guys anything?
You guys are good?
Like a dessert cart?
Yeah, we can hear you
I love it
Yeah
Say something
I'm out of material
Can you go outside on the street?
See, I'm going to go outside
Can I go with my beer?
I'm going to leave my beer here
All right
Check
Clap if you can still hear me
Can you still hear me?
Check, one, two
One, two
Wow
He sounds bad
He's out on rainy street
Fucking awesome
I love this
Oh, he can't hear us, though
Let's all pretend like we fell asleep
It's very exciting
I told them I'll pretend like they fell asleep
All right
That was a dumb joke to engineer
On the fly
Good job, Jeff
Say what?
Oh, my fucking beer, thank you, guys
God bless you, sir
That's Tony
I, yeah
So it's been weird
This movie has been looming in my life
For a long time
And I've well deserved it
Because I was the one who was narcissistic enough to say
Maybe we should make a movie about me
Being a narcissist
And I hired this great guy
Well, I didn't hire him
That's probably a misnomer
Kind of partnered with Neil Berkeley
And had to agree with him
Like, you know, I can't tell you how to make your movie
So it's, you know, it doesn't show you
What a genius I am
On the level that I think I am
Right
It shows you what a genius I am
Probably kind of what's in reality
Like it just kind of shows me as a
Just sort of a fat drunk asshole
Which is fine
Because I'd rather be a bad person
Than make a bad documentary
And I think that one of the most important ingredients
Of a good documentary is a bad person
I think that's what you really, like, you need
So we put Spencer in there
And he gets to be a good person
But there's a lot to talk about
If we were doing a regular Harmontown show
I would do some corrections
I would do a correction segment right now
Okay, can you play a sound cue for that?
Corrections!
Yo, yo, corrections
Sometimes I get things wrong
People correct me all day long
They tell me you did it wrong
That's why I'm doing the corrections song
Corrections
Austin loves, yeah, correction
Austin, Austin
You're gonna get some entertainment tonight
This show is no joke
You're leaving here entertained
How many of you are going to the movie later?
Who among you wanted to go to the movie but can't?
That's a weird reaction
How many of you can't because of scheduling conflicts?
Okay, so you really just can't
Is that being there turning people away?
Is it sold out?
Oh, badges only
So you guys don't have badges
Stinking badges
Elitism, what?
Well, if you buy a ticket, do you still need a badge?
There's a guy yelling out
I wonder, Dan, if you and I will need our badges
We should just give someone that looks a little bit like us our badge
You can certainly give two people badges
I don't know if you guys got those badges
You have to take the face recognition photo
It wouldn't recognize my face
I could be Nick Nolte, I could be anybody in that photo
But I think I have five tickets in my pocket
We'll try to, I don't know if you don't need badges
But you do need a ticket and we'll try to figure out a way
To give them to the people that are most deserving
I say physical combat
I'm just gonna break a big Texas-sized pool cube
And leave it on the floor
And walk out of the room
Alright
So I said that Stan Winston looked great
On King of the Nerds on TBS
He's been dead since 2006
Corrections!
Yo, yo
I said a corpse looked great
He was a dead person
He's been dead for almost a decade
And I said he looked great
Corrections
Someone tweeted me who worked with Stan Winston
I was like, he's been dead since 2006
Who are you confusing him with?
A guy that works at Stan Winston Studios
Which, you know, made the poor choice to keep his name
I mean, what business president is there there?
Oh, Walt Disney
And I just assumed he was Stan Winston
I don't want to throw Aaron under the bus
But Aaron, I said, is that Stan Winston?
And Aaron said yes
And she doesn't know who that is
She's 29
She thinks that the Challenger Shuttle
Is the one we took from the hotel
Make it fun of my young girlfriend
If being young is a crime
Why do I always brag about it?
Alright, so speaking of being young
It's America's a young country, Jeff
And as you know, it was built on the backs of unpaid labor
I just made a good Freudian slip
An appropriate, it was built on the...
I once said in the podcast
That America was the first country to make slavery illegal
I was like, yeah, come on, look at the bright side
Somebody tweeted me, you're full of shit
It's like way the opposite
Terrible, terrible
We were doing it until yesterday
And we hung onto it as long as we could
I think Italy outlawed it a long time ago
We were like, it's fine
So, sorry about that
Everyone
What a bad thing to be wrong about
I think I already corrected this one
But I once said that the TSA was a private company
And not a government agency
Again, I don't want to throw her into the bus
But Aaron
Aaron told me that
And I just believed her
I don't Google anything Aaron says
If I did, my IQ would go up like a thousand points
I just believe everything she says
Because she's a woman and she's supposed to fill me
With knowledge and life
She's my muse, so I'm like, oh really?
Okay, I'll say that to everyone
That's not a private company
However, they can still go fuck themselves, right?
I don't know
Well, they keep the nice people safe
When you're getting on the plane
I'll take an airport by airport basis
Because some airports are cool
And some airports are full of A-holes
I don't know why they don't smile a little bit
Have you guys flown in or out of Philadelphia?
Fuck those TSA people, they're the worst
Fuck Philadelphia TSA
Anybody in Philadelphia?
Get out, leave, sir
The city of Brotherly
Hurry up and take your shoes off
You're from Philly, sir?
Is it just me or is it the angriest town in the world?
People are pretty angry there
TSA, yeah, that airport, wow
Not good
Is it me or was that thing that happened in LA
Where a guy came into the airport and shot the whole thing up
And shot a TSA guy, it was like
That didn't really get publicized that much
Was that sort of a...
What airport was that?
It was LAX
Was it LAX?
Our airport
It was a big deal for like a day and a half
Kind of to some people
And then it just went away
Did Aaron tell you that?
Maybe, I don't know, I should Google it
Alright, that's the end of the correction segment
Yo, yo, now everything's gonna be right
Everything I say is gonna be day or night
There's nothing more right than that
I fucked your mama cause she's not fat
But if she was, I'd still fuck her
Because you're a gentleman
Yes
Cause I don't believe in socializing women
To be ashamed of their bodies
I would fuck your mama no matter what
I think it's shitty the way we treat our women
And I will always be there for your mama
I like that there's people eating over there
That have nothing to do with the show
They're having chicken wings and you're talking about
No, yeah, they're just hanging out like Seth Rogen made a comic book
Or something and they're like in the back waiting for it to be unveiled
I got off the plane here at Austin International Airport
Whatever you call it
And there's, you know how the people are waiting there with placards
For people that have like a car service
And they'll say like S Thompson or J Anderson
There was a woman, a young gal
Holding a sign the size of like a movie poster
And in a font that was bigger than the font
They used to announce the end of World War II
Seth Rogen
Like everyone else had a regular size thing
It's like give the guy a break
Also I found out today he flew in today
That was yesterday
Somebody was fucking around
Somebody was hoping Seth Rogen would just wander into their car
It was like Sandra Bernhardt and King of Comedy
Like she was just waiting
Seth Rogen maybe
She probably had a couple behind that that were like
Barack Obama
I'll take what I can get
Alright let's do a new segment Jeff
Do you want the same musical cue or
Let's do a different one
This segment is called
Forrest Controversy
Forrest Controversy let's do
And we're going to argue about something
That I decided to argue about
That's not really an issue
But I'm deciding to make it an issue
Forrest Controversy
Alright
The show has it all you guys
The show we're singing, we're dancing
I went outside
That's groundbreaking entertainment
Petty cabs
The bicycle rickshaw things that you have here in this town
They have them in San Francisco during Comic Con
You get into a backseat of a big tricycle
And a guy drives you around
Or a girl
They make me very uncomfortable
I don't like to use them
Why?
I'm too close to the actual capitalism
It's just like you
You're also right up somebody's ass
You have a butt right in your face the entire ride
It's too weird to be close enough
To a place that someone can bike you
But you choose not to walk
So they have to bike extra people
That's weird
I took one yesterday from the east side over there
From that little yellow jacket social club
That plays rules
You couldn't get a cab
We were promised when we came here
There's a company called Uber
That is like a private cab company
Yeah, fuck Uber
They're a sponsor
Fuck you
If you don't know who Uber is
I'm here to tell you that they're a bad company
They should be ashamed of themselves
I'll foot that 15 grand
Fine
I've made over songs in community
I'll just write that check
Okay, good
I took a little cab
At my height, a little tiny petite little thing
And she drove me and she was very cool
And I wanted to go somewhere that was pretty far
But you cannot get a taxi in this town right now
You cannot get into a vehicle
And even if you do, you can't make it anywhere
So the petty cab is kind of convenient
It's convenient and that's why I said artificial controversy
I'm sure it's a good thing
I feel weird as a 41-year-old man
Climbing my fat ass onto a bike
And going like, you walk
You walk for me
Make your feet do more for my feet
I came from the east side
Came to the convention center
Which I think is right across the street
To get my badge
And I ran a dispenser
It's a dispenser and I were right in the same line together
I go, hey, I'm going to go to this other bar
Farther west side of town
And I got this gal waiting outside in this petty cab
So we get in it
And about two blocks later
A guy pulls up alongside her in another petty cab
And she goes, hey, Eric, you want to do switchies?
We just got into his
And he took over, especially like, yeah
I'm pretty uncomfortable about that
He's like, we did double the weight
You know, that was kind of...
Yeah, and I was like, well someone else
Like Aaron and I walked past a group of people
That were coming out of a restaurant
And this young lady who had had a few margaritas
With lunch was like, she just came out
And I was just like, petty cab, petty cab
She was just yelling it out
Then a guy came over
And she's like, hello
She just yelled it out
And then she started talking to him about his rates
Before she...
She was like, is it still $5?
And he was like, well, it's $5 of you, blah, blah, blah
And she's like, okay
And got out and I was like, that's...
I don't want to be that
That was like the bellock to my Indiana
Like I didn't want...
I felt like I needed to confront that character
That's why they call it a petty cab
I know, that's the thing
That's also the word petty
It's like, really, the emperor's clothes
Are just down the toilet
I just want to see something
Because from up here
And I'm fine with this
Because I've been through worse
Up here, it sounds like
Absolutely no one in this room
Can hear us at all
And no one's listening
And everyone's just talking
Okay, so you can hear me fine
You can hear me fine
I just want...
I have weird OCD
I want to verify that
Can you keep talking, Jeff?
I just want to go back and...
I want to know what it's like to be at this show
Wandering amongst you like a lowland gorilla
To me, it seems like it's like being at LAX
Okay, these guys are just hanging out
Talking, they're just talking
This guy's just pointing at his phone
He's telling these guys, you should look at my phone
You were drinking with me?
I was blacked out
You're trying to take advantage of my alcoholism
Like you could just tell me that
What are you guys doing at South by Southwest?
Are you premiering a film?
Yes, yes
Will you tell the people?
Have you all ever heard of Bitcoin?
Bitcoin?
You all heard of Bitcoin?
Okay, if you heard of Bitcoin
You know right now you can't get an iOS wallet
In the Bitcoin store
I mean in the iOS store, right?
Come talk to me, alright?
And I can get you a Bitcoin wallet
Right now for your iPhone application
What sort of weird hustles going on over there?
You can't just hijack our show
Hold on, hold on
Oh shit, he's standing up
God damn it
Hold on
Let me, if you want me to come up on stage
Get up here, get up here
Come up on stage
Alright
Alright, here we go
Hey, check this out, okay?
So it's nothing illegitimate
Okay
Somebody call the police
Call the police
Alright
You smell great
I know I smell great
You smell really good
I gotta smell great
When you go back to the crowd eventually
I want everyone to take a little whiff of this guy
Everybody smell me
You smell like a fucking pantry
Smell me, okay
I'm gonna do it really quick, okay?
Fucking break it down
It's not illegitimate, okay?
We're within the Apple
Enterprise developer solution
Because when you join
And when you get our application
You become a member
Of our cooperative, okay?
Of our prerogative?
Cooperative
Oh God damn it
It's not cooperative
Now check this out
You can sue who you want to sue
Cooperatives, cooperatives
Listen, hold on, hold on
Cooperatives were like a big thing a while ago
Because people worked together
So we built a cooperative
To allow all of us to work together with Bitcoin
For the people who have our wallet
To get paid
You understand what I'm saying?
So it's like
Distribution of wealth
Without distribution of wealth
Because the reason why we did it
Can I do it real quick?
In this country
The stage is all yours right?
That's what's up
You have the floor
That's what's up, alright?
So in this country
We feel like that it was an injustice, okay?
It's an injustice that the country
Advertises a lottery
To the poorest people
Yes, yes, yes
That's injustice
Now you got me on board
Yeah, that's injustice
So check this out
But those same poor people
Can't invest in early stage startups
That's stupid
So you tell poor people
Here, go invest in this lottery
Somebody got to win
It might as well be you
But you can't take that same money
And invest it in people, right?
That are right in your neighborhood
Right
There you go
So what we figured out is
What we did was
We said, okay
If you have this situation
Where you have a cooperative
That owns a piece of a company
Now the cooperative
Can get paid from the company
And the people who own
The part of the cooperative
Get the same benefits
As early stage investors
And it's all legal
It's all legal
So that's our spiel
If you want to get
In the cooperative
It's a free trial
For South by Southwest
I'm down here in Harmontown
Chilling
And guess what?
I'm going to let y'all know something
What's the major street name
In Austin?
Cesar Chavez
No
Trinity
That's where the L
That's my name
Guess what my middle name is
Wait, what's your name?
My first name is Lamar
My middle name is
What's the city?
This is my town
Your name is Lamar Austin?
My name is Lamar Austin Wilson
Alright
That's what's up
Check it out
Thank you Lamar
I'm going to sit down
Thank you
Thank you very much
For coming back here
No problem
Lamar Austin everybody
Lamar Austin Wilson
Smell that guy
It's a cooperative
Smell him
Everybody smell him
He smells like a delicious forest
A delicious forest
Yeah
I want to nestle near him
Lamar Austin Houston
Wilson
Lamar Austin Wilson
That was the best
Again
I only have one question
What?
All of that stuff was great
It's a cooperative Bitcoin
Like get in on the ground floor
Gather people's money
If Bitcoin's a real thing
Then it's a real currency
Let's let people get involved in it
From the ground floor
That aren't speculators
And carpet baggers
My only question is
Why is he having a meeting about it
In the back of my fucking show?
It turned out fine
Maybe he's the shrewdest businessman of all time
When he knew there'd be a platform
What if this was the cure for cancer podcast?
What if I was trying to cure cancer
And he's talking about fucking Bitcoin in the back
That would be a crime
He's lucky I have nothing to do tonight
You have no agendas
I'm watching a movie about you
I'm open
I'm fine
Everyone here is on a higher moral high ground
That's true
Every documentary is about like
Probably
About saving the world
It's a documentary about abortion
It's a documentary about
I don't know
I can't rattle them off
Because I don't care
Every documentary is largely a documentary
About us singing songs about dicks and balls
For a month
Yeah
That was one of the big things that Neil
The director regretted cutting out
Was the Pringles dick song
And the chicken noodle dick song
But special features
It's a little over 90 minutes
The documentary
Believe me
The guys
He claims
He's got a four hour version of the documentary
That I'm sure we'll all get to see one day
Yeah
He's also got 650 hours of everything
We were talking
Neil and I
And he was saying that
He could put out the entire long version
Because some of the fans
They'll probably cut together a better movie
Than I made
Because that's how our fans are
Yeah
We should just dump the entire
500, 700 hours of all the footage
And let one of you weirdos
Just get in it
And make like the perfect cut of it
Should we bring Neil up here?
Yeah, let's bring Neil
Looking good, baby
Neil Berkley
Ladies, feast your eyes
Oh, wow
Okay
You said at the hotel
You're like, we can't share an Uber
Because you got to change
And we made fun of you
But holy cow
You changed
Thanks for bringing me up after Lamar
Yeah
Hard to follow
But the room got quiet
So the way it works is
For those of you who are just listening
There's no way to express
How dynamic that guy was on stage
He took over the room
Whatever you're doing Lamar
I'm in, I'm in
He took over the room
And then after he left
Everything got quieter
I don't think that's because
He was making the noise
I think it's because everyone was like
I'm into it
I'm into Bitcoin
I think they're like
I think they're online
Trying to find out more about Bitcoin
He made a good case
But this is Neil Berkley
Throughout the movie is largely a ghost
Because he's a good documentarian
As much as we were all stuck together on a bus
We want to incorporate the crew
And the director and everybody
Because we're all trapped
In one vehicle for a month
He kind of insisted on being his ghostly figure
I was talking to the producer earlier
And I said, I'm very nervous
I hope people like this movie
And he goes, do you know where you're showing it?
It's like asking kindergartners
Do they like these cupcakes?
All right
I mean, not that you guys are easy
Or anything
It's just that you're driven
Mainly by naps and sugar
But yeah, I hope
I've been, I mean
For the last over a year
We've been living in a world
Where this movie hasn't come out yet
And now we've, I don't care
If they hate it or love it
But I can't wait to move
Across a threshold into a world
Where other people have seen this thing
Because I don't have no idea
I'm usually in total control
Over how people see me
Whether it seems from a distance
Like I'm making an ass of myself
I'm crucifying myself
I'm attacking others
I'm attacking myself
It's all my big control-free game
Like I'm always just going
I control what happens
If you come to shoot me
Your bullets gonna go through
A bigger hole than I blew
Moments before you came in the door
And that's how I like it
But this movie is like
I fucked up
I hired a great filmmaker
I had to make a deal with him
I got no control over this thing
I have no idea
Whether it's good or bad
Because I watch it
And I'm in it
And I'm a narcissist
So I love it
But at the same time
I hate myself
So I'm like
This must be stupid
Because I'm in it all the time
My line, what I tell people is
Why I think it's interesting
And why I made it was
It's not to decide
Whether you love or hate Dan
It's not about that
It's about understanding
Why there's a roomful of people
Watching him
And listening to him talk
Because you are all here
Because he speaks to you
He does something
That you all are reacting to
It's explaining that
So it's your fault
It's all of your fault
For me, the movie really is not
Not about Dan
Not about our show
It's about Bitcoin
The show is never going to
Really recover from him
Leading the stage, is it?
Well, that's like saying
This island is never going to recover
From this papaya
I mean, you're right
We should base this fucking industry on it
I was going to say
The movie is about the fans of the show
Because there's a group of people
That showed up
Actually, what's your name right there
With the beard and the glasses?
Andy
Andy, you want to come up for a second?
Oh, Andy Young, yeah
Andy, come up
Because this guy...
Andy Young
I want to apologize to Andy
He shot some footage
We didn't get to use any of it in the movie
And I'm very sorry
I'm very sorry about that
One of the dudes told me
I was like, I'm going to go
Wait, he did it though, isn't he?
I mean, he's...
Andy's in the movie
Andy came to the show that we did in Austin
During the tour
Yes, you're in the movie
You're in the movie
And he came back
Was it your girlfriend or just female friend?
No, just a friend
Is a shooter for me, Tennille
Tennille, right
And they came back
And they did this really beautiful interview
And it was like
That was pretty early on in our tour
And you came back with this
Giant smile on your face
And she had this great smile on her face
And there's a really cool shot
In the documentary
When you guys leave
Our green room
They walk out
And you...
I think she's shooting you, right?
Right, yeah
Is that in the film?
He gives this look
Like he just met the Rolling Stones
And it was so good
And it's just like
We didn't do anything
Except to do our little show
But there's this weird sort of awesome love
There's these little bits in the film
Where there's straight to camera interviews
With our harmonians
And that's...
I mean, I'm a crier
I get really emotional
And I watch that stuff
Everybody that sees it
Always talks about being brought to tears
In those moments
There's something strange about that
Because it's not like
There's anybody on camera saying
I lost my baby
And I use Harmontown to...
It's just humanity
It's just people's faces
And they're just saying
I feel like I'm allowed to be me
Because this guy's such an asshole
So I sent a tweet out to all the fans
Saying if you want to be in Harmontown
Shoot your experience of going to the show
Shoot what you would do that day
Going to Harmontown
And Andy's the only person that did it
And he's in the movie
So you all could have been in Harmontown
I haven't seen it yet
It sounds like I cry in the movie
I hope I don't cry
No, you don't cry
I mean, that looks super cool
Look out and smile right now
He's fucking adorable, right?
So that happens a lot throughout the movie
Where we meet people
And there's just these...
I don't even know if they know the camera's rolling
They're just kind of staring
Kind of absently into the lens
Andy, now make a face like
You just found out that you...
You're totally hungry
And you're totally high
And you just found out that you forgot
That you put two Reese's Peanut Butter Cups
In the freezer and you just found them
So open the freezer jar
And make that face at that moment of discovery
That's the face that he makes
That's the face!
After he interviews me
That was pretty much how I felt, yeah
Which makes me feel like a bad person
Because I'm not worth that
I'm not a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
But a freezer
No, I think you are absolutely worth that
I think Neil made a great point of like
Why people are in this room
Because you make people want to get out of their chairs
And make something
And that's like why I was so interested
In like, seeing the show
Right?
How great is it to have them back on community?
It's amazing
This town is full of awesome people
In the movie
All the interviews are looking right in the camera
Very Aero Morris
I ripped that guy off
Because, whatever
But there's no lower thirds
Like the fans right next to Ben Stiller
He is not more important than anyone else in the movie
Jack Black, Sarah Silverman
Is right next to Andy and some fan
No one's name is down the corner
They're all just people talking to the camera
Andy, are you going to the movie?
Oh, fuck yeah, I'll be there for sure, yeah
Do you have a friend here
That's not able to go to the movie
Because they don't have a ticket?
Yeah, those dudes, I guess
Yes, oh, of course, Dan
Well, it's two people
Yeah, oh, I'm going to fucking get mom here for this
Yeah, they're here somewhere
You guys, you have to make the face
When he gives them to you, you have to make the face
Everyone's Andy's friend right now
Me! I love Andy
Oh, that guy, yeah, of course
All right, because they only have five of these
So giving two to Andy Young
Because he went to University of Texas
Yeah, I'm so sorry about whoever
Tries to mom me after this
You're putting me in a really weird position
I'll get you, yeah, yeah
How do these work? These are just like weird
Ripped apart when I got this thing
The sad part about this is that
When Andy gets murdered in an alley later on
He never got to see the movie
Yeah, yeah, we're going to
That's a double whammy
Yeah, exactly, he didn't pan out
Thank you, Andy Young
Well, thank you guys, really appreciate it
Stoll of Harmontown, Andy Young
Bitcoin!
Cooperative Bitcoin!
Lamar!
I swear to God though, he's got a fucking point
I mean, not like that should be surprising
But I think I get it
I'm not into economics, but I understand
Like, we keep arguing about Bitcoin
In the writer's room at Rick and Morty
But it's like, if this is an emergent currency
Why are there people who
Barely have the internet
Who are being locked out of it
Before it even fucking starts
Isn't that what his point is?
Like, let's start like a credit union
Where people can like, like, like
Get in on this shit
So that if Bitcoin did turn into a thing
That there would be people who were
Poor before it became a thing
That as a result are now not poor
Let's make a new batch of
Nuvo Reese
I think that's what he meant
It's okay
If I got that wrong
To be honest, I consider myself a good listener
I was so dazzled by his scent
That I got to find out what
Deodorant or Cologne?
God damn it, you kind of want to just nibble on it
What if you found out that wasn't Cologne?
What if that's what came out of Dartmouth?
I think his sweat
His own sense of self worth
Or then he's in the wrong business
Like, he should be bottling
Like the smell of Lamar Austin Wilson
Instead, he's hooked into this Bitcoin thing
But he's cursed with this beautiful smell
Alright, so what else is on the docket?
Let me take a look at my...
Neil, what's your problem?
What do you want to talk about?
Did you know Stan Winston was dead?
No
Okay, do you like the TSA?
Okay
Oh, Neil, okay
Alright, so I'm getting married to my fianc
Ryan McGathey, who's in the movie
I'm going to marry the fuck out of this woman
And part of marrying the fuck out of somebody
Usually, traditionally
Is like, you absorb them
Into your last name
The woman takes the last name of the man
But then in LA, especially among creatives, actors
And that kind of thing, they hyphenate
Oh, I'm...
I'm Catherine Zeta
I'm going to marry
Tom Jones
Oliver Jones
I'm going to become Catherine Zeta-Jones
I'm not giving up the Zeta
That's probably not what happened with her
But, like, I need people to help me
We don't know what to do
I honestly don't want to force my last name on Aaron
Aaron Harmon is a shitty name
I don't
How about Dan and Aaron Lamar Austin Wilson
What about Dan McGathey?
Well, I mean, there's that, but
I like Dan Harmon
I don't want to make her be Aaron Harmon
I don't want to be Dan McGathey
Why don't you just keep your own names and not do that?
Because what about the children?
Huh?
What are the children?
Make up an awesome last name
Then the middle name becomes McGathey or whatever
But then what about their children?
What do we Spanish?
Think about five generations from now
They're going to be like, my name is Ramon LaBea
That guy's in the movie
What's up?
Oh, in the front row?
Yeah
Anyone here?
I don't know
Do you know you're in the movie, sir, in the front row?
That's Mars, he's part of our police district
Mars is in the movie, yeah
Congratulations
Stand up
If you would like to stand up, sorry
I like your hair, a little dyed, toughed of hair
I love that, it's very cool
I like the idea of professional, keep your name
Personal, take Harmon
And the kids get that
Oh, so, okay
Yeah
Alright
I think that makes sense
Sorry, I missed that
What was the pitch?
You can somehow compartmentalize your professional name
from your personal name
And that the kids will just become Harmon's
Hyphenate
And the kids get her name
Alright, let's bring Erin up here because
Yo, gonna marry this girl
Gonna take her last name for a while
She's throwing t-shirts to the crowd
Erin McGatney saying it loud
She's gonna marry Dan Harmon soon
She's gonna have a baby in her womb
Gonna, what are we gonna call that baby?
I don't know, McGatney, maybe?
I just decided
Okay
I think that I'm going to
I'm going to keep McGatney as my middle name
I'm gonna make Harmon my last name
And when we have children
I'm gonna make a secret math and passageway
That'll be like in their nursery
And they'll always see it there
And it'll say McGatney Tunnel
We won't tell them that my maiden name is McGatney
But then one day, we'll hire someone
To come in as like a spray and say like
Hey, psst
And he'll have eyeballs painted on his hands
Saffron, Saffron, over here
Saffron, Saffron
We could talk about it later
Saffron, Saffron, Cinnamon
Boy and girl identical
Cinnamon, Tuparick, are you having strippers?
Stickers
Tuparick, Harmon, McGatney
You get in here right now
Apple
Saffron
Yoda
You are due on the main stage right now
And the hired actor will say
Hey, do you know you're special?
And Saffron and Cinnamon will be like
Yes, yes, we know we're special
We know our father's like the most smart man in the world
He's told us a million times over
In that nursery book that he wrote especially for us
We know that mom loves yarn
And he'll be like
Hey, no, here's a key
And there'll be a key to the passageway
And they'll go down the passageway
And there'll be a room that will be illuminated by torches
With like a giant banner that says
You are in the gaffey
And they'll be like ashes
For them to make ends on their forehead
And it will be like a secret club
And then they'll find me sleeping
In my
Are you saving up for all the therapy time right now?
Which sounds fucking horrifying
Don't let your kids walk in a torchlet passageway
They'll find you sleeping in this tunnel in their nursery
No, no, no, I'll be in our room
But I'll be wearing one of those really beautiful
Nicole Kidman dressing gowns
That I imagine she wears
From like Eyes Wide Shut?
No, from her life
I just imagine she wears night gowns
And they'll rouse me
And I'll say, yes, you are
You're in the gaffey
And so it'll be special
It'll be like the lady from the lake
You know, I can make this a lot simpler
Don't have kids
It saves a lot of trouble
You said that about a dog
And you love our dog
Your dog's a weirdo, but I like him
All right
Yeah, well, Neil's asking if we can tell a story
About something
The answer is yes, automatically
What is it?
The pickup shot
An idea you wear the same shirt
From a year ago
Oh, Jesus Christ, Neil
Okay, all right
I don't even bear it, I'm sorry
Yeah, Neil, okay
Here's a dirty little secret about documentaries
You shoot 650 hours
You edit it into 90 minutes
And then depending on the structure of the 90 minutes
You may decide you need
Like maybe a shot, for instance
Of Dan Harmon leaving his house in the morning
And that may be shot a year later
In which case you try to match the shirt
And if Dan Harmon has gained, let's say, 30 pounds
That's how he'll find out
Is me walking down the sidewalk
With buttons flying off of my stomach
As I move this way
It felt like I was too fat to play the role of myself
To be cast as myself
He came down and he said
I'd like to think the cotton shrinks
But I think it's something else
And then you sort of slowly squat down
Until the shirt popped open
Like a treasure box
It'd be great if you bent down fast enough
And the shirt just completely atomized
Until you have missed
I could just turn this
Speaking of shirts and corrections
We have some shirts that are throughout some shirts
Nice segue
And I guess I've given Dan some wrong information
Before we went on tour, I suggested to Dan
We really should have merch on the tour
And Dan said, no, no, I don't want those people
To have anything of me
And I said, no, I think they like you
Big back and forth
But anyway, I designed all the t-shirts
With Jenny Fine artists and all the poster
She did the art, I took the picture
But I was also put in charge of ordering all the shirts
And I don't know how to order things
And I was given a lot of advice
And I ordered a certain number of t-shirts
And there's a shot in the documentary
You'll see there's a shot with a ton of trash bags
Outside of the bus
More t-shirts than could fit on a bus
And the bus driver said, look
No one, Van Halen doesn't have this many t-shirts
And I was like, no, no, no, you don't understand
And I was really stubborn
And I was yelling at this bus driver
Who's been on a thousand tours
Telling him that I knew everything about t-shirts
We sold a fifth of them
But there are tons and tons of t-shirts
Because we didn't take Bitcoin
Lamar off to a certain extent
Is the point of your story that we have a lot of t-shirts to give away?
The point of my story is that
Sometimes I'm really sure about things that are incorrect
But also, Harmontown.com
We have a few left
We have a few thousand shirts left
Did you already give away all the ones for tonight?
There are a few more
Casey is going to toss out some
Sorry, I couldn't really start
T-shirt tossing wrap
Give that guy in the backpack one, now you're
Wait, is there anybody here who feels
More deserving of a t-shirt than anybody else?
Alright, you miss, come up on stage
Make your case, hold on to that Casey
Miss, why do you feel that you deserve one of these
More than the other people that want a t-shirt?
I don't know who Dan Harmon is
I've never heard of him before
I've never watched Community
And I'm here with my boyfriend who loves Dan Harmon
And we walked towards 15 blocks in the rain
I didn't hear the last part
But I hate myself enough to give her a t-shirt
I feel like she
You did well, I feel that
A lot of people might have said as much or more
I feel that maybe you should wrap your case
I feel that you should be able to wrap
You should be able to wrap
15 blocks in the rain, I don't know who Dan Harmon is
My boyfriend loves Dan Harmon
My card is not waterproof
Alright, that was a fiasco
If she was a child, this would be adorable
Triple X
Timing and comedy is everything
Now, what's your name?
Heather
Heather, here's the thing, we have an XL
And a triple XL left
You don't seem like any of the rest of us
You seem like a little tip of tea for that
The big one?
Okay
Which one do you want, XL or triple X?
Triple X
Damn, alright
Thank you
Heather, not even close
Heather, everybody
Okay, now, we have one XL left
There's one XL left?
Okay, who feels the most XL tonight?
Who's the gal in the way in the back?
You're not an XL, you're a tiny little whisper of a thing
Yeah, you, you're not an XL
Oh, she's getting closer, oh my god, no, I'm kidding
You want the XL?
I'll just give it to her, fuck it
Alright, she's small
Huh, are we out?
You're from Australia?
What part of Australia?
Perth
Perth, I love it
Are we out of shirts?
We're out of shirts, sit down
They make shirts out of
He can make a shot out of a plant, right?
You're a master of nature
I only know about Australia from TV and movies
We should have, we should have held up
Like I should have held up the extra large and go
And he goes, that's not a shirt
And then you hold up the triple X, now that's a shirt
Alright, well let's do the same similar process
With these tickets to the movie
I got three left, I want to feel satisfied
Do more rapping for me
That wasn't going to be able to go to the movie
That really quote unquote deserves
You all deserve, I don't know how to do this selection
I'm afraid to look at them, I'm afraid to look at them
I don't know how to do this
I just want to try to
Well don't go out, I want to hear people's stories
You know, I like the guy, hang on
He's already coming up
I wasn't going to say somebody else
We're taking this guy, he already got a shirt
Alright, I did, yeah I got a shirt
But I want to give him a hug
I really love community and Rick and Morty
I think they're fucking hilarious
I told them like five times, so
They're my favorite
Do you hate Harmontown?
Harmontown, I haven't seen it
I didn't know it existed until an hour ago
Alright, come on, I'm going out
Dan, I have the guy
I'm almost certain I have the one
What, you do?
I think I do
Alright, what's your name by the way?
Nick
Nick?
Nick Parkett
Nick got like three photos with me
And he had to keep adjusting the lighting and stuff
I didn't, there's a guy
That looks enough like George Lucas to be notable
Who's not raising his hand
He's pouting
But his friends are pointing at him
The people next to him are nominating him
And he's being a good person about it
Saying, I don't feel like I deserve this
Are you willing to come up here sir?
Okay
Come on up stage
Yeah, sure
Do you need help?
Your friends think that you
Hello everybody
Deserve this, do you know why they would think that?
What's your name first off?
Brendan
Brendan, Brendan everybody
Do I deserve it?
I mean, does anybody deserve anything?
Right, no, of course not
But why do your friends think you deserve it?
No, I don't have a ticket to the movie
I recently lost my job and I think that's a good reason
That's a great reason
It's hard to find work
And I'm looking
But I think seeing the documentary will inspire me
To become who I am
Are your friends going to the movie?
Do they have tickets?
No, no
But they want you to go because they...
They love me
They're rallying around you, they want you to go
I'm gonna cry
What job did you lose, do you mind saying?
I was tech support
It wasn't like my career goal kind of thing
What would your dream gig be?
Like pie in the sky
If you could do anything and get paid
To do the dream gig
And be embarrassing about it
What would be the best way to make a living?
Actually voice over for Cartoon
Oh, fuck yeah, that's a good one
Give him a round of applause
Alright, okay
Make sure you give your name to somebody
Over there in the VIP section
That says they work for Starbridge Industries
There's Casey Rubb
If we can get you out to LA
To do a voice for Rick and Morty
And here's...
That's awesome
Because I can do that now
And here's your ticket to the Harmontown from there
What a reward!
Awesome, man
Yeah, Brendan, when you come to LA
Make sure that you come and join us
On stage at Meltdown for Harmontown, man
That's fucking great
Also, if we could have him come up and maybe do a...
If you got the wherewithal of Brendan
To come to LA, maybe we can have him sit in on a D&D
Like a little trial voice over thing
One of these two remaining tickets
Doesn't have the barcode stub on it
It got torn off
But because there's two remaining tickets
I want to try something special
Because my relationship with Erin
Is not exactly portrayed in a light
That makes everyone want to run out
And fall in love in the movie
And yet I'm getting married to her
Because I do love her
And I think that...
I wonder if there's a couple here tonight
That came to South by Southwest
Alright
This is extra progressive
Is this a female-female couple?
Yes, you do
Sweet, I love it
That's just gonna make me feel better about myself all week
There are also stairs over here
Alright
So you guys are a couple
What are your name?
I'm K.D.
Bethany
Alright
I'm not allowed to say that's hot
Because that's a bygone era
I think it's hot
Do you guys bicker over?
Do you fight?
How we feel about things
And we kind of get too intimate
To some extent
Is one of you two
The robot and the other one
The plant goddess?
I think we're both pretty emotional
Yeah, we're pretty emotional
Just together as a unit
Are you punished for explaining your feelings?
We try not to punish each other
For explaining our feelings
It makes everything worse
But there's
A lot of times when there's a balance
What was your last big fight?
And it really yelled at these microphones
Because we have to get
It's kind of loud in here
It's gonna have to get pretty deep
Do you want me to explain?
If it's okay with you guys
I'm a sophomore
In college right now
And I was living with my parents before that
I moved out
Bethany told me
I'm scared that you're gonna meet somebody new
I told her that's totally not a problem
I did end up
Kind of falling for a person
And there was one night where we did
It's so bad, I'm so sorry
But I did
Get a little bit drunk
And I made out with her
And
It was her worst nightmare
My worst nightmare
My god
And you forgave her?
Yeah, I still love her
I shouldn't
I think
I don't think you have to be embarrassed
For forgiving her
I think that applause means
We're all in love with a bunch of people
Who constantly let us down
Right, Erin?
Alright
I don't know why that got that reaction
That's what love is
It's a partnership
It's not a fucking
It's not a holiday
It's teamwork
And life is hard
And you go up and you go down
And two people together go up and down at different times
And I'm not saying it should be expected
Or you're entitled to make mistakes
You should be punished for them
And blah blah blah
I know how she feels
When she goes like
Yeah, I still love her, I forgive her
Fuck her
What she didn't tell you was that she gave me a free pass
To fuck someone else
Alright
Who wants to come up and fuck Bethany right now?
There's always a way
For two human beings that can communicate
To work these things out
Free pass
So you guys seem pretty young though
I don't want to put pressure
At something that shouldn't be pressured
Is this a serious relationship?
We've been dating for two years
And the two of you come watch Harmontown
And the movie
The movie
And
Maybe you'll get in because you've got the ripped one
And maybe you won't
That should be the deciding factor
Whether you guys stay together
We'll figure it out
Bethany and KD everybody
I think at the heart of it all
Shouldn't stay in anything that's bad
But you and I have a really solid
Good relationship
Or we're willing to
Figure it out
I would never
I don't think
I could never
Stray from fidelity
But I don't know how much
I get to pat myself on the back for that
Because I just don't think
It's just not in my blood
I think there are other people who are in love with each other
And sometimes they have like
I don't know, it's harder for them
To be like
I never do anything that's that difficult
Like I never
I won't stop playing a video game
To make you feel better
But I know I would never cheat on you
I know, what are the circumstances that would make that
That would make me feel better
Every time I play a video game
No, I'm just saying, you know
I'm a pretty selfish guy
I'm like a baby and I'm not proud of that
And I don't think that I'm allowed to be that
What I'm saying is that I don't do
It's just to keep my relationship going
I would do anything to keep it going
But I'm pretty bad at it
I'm pretty flawed
I'm pretty like
Pretty bad at remembering
In moments of selfishness
That something that I want
Isn't as important as making you happy
Well, I think we're both
Very flawed, but I think the good thing
About our relationship is that we are
Ourselves all the time
So the flaws aren't ever deal breakers
Like it's always a
Well, you're doing this shitty thing
Like I'm very messy in hotel rooms
For example
Yes, it's like the moment we
Go into the hotel room
The entire floor gets carpeted with
It's kind of a marathon
You guys are amazing
I've traveled with you enough
We couldn't get to a hotel anywhere in the world
They will check in, beautiful hotel room
I can knock on there
You guys store 10 seconds after you got in there
There's not a bit of
Floor that is not covered in luggage
It's me
It's not my parents house
Clothes everywhere
It's sort of like
Being in a relationship with Jumanji
Like
There's all of a sudden just elephants and monkeys
Like everywhere
The understanding of our relationship is
Either you accept
That I'm weird in hotel rooms
And I'll try to clean up
You never do
But if you did, I would
The idea is, well, that's a flaw of yours
When I accept that
So let's move forward
The thing is like your flaws, I accept
Other flaws and lots of relationships
I haven't accepted
I'm sorry to interrupt, have you seen
The final cut of the film?
Not the final cut
But close to it?
Close to it
What do you think?
Like Dan said, the relationship
Comes off looking like a
Real poster for relationships
Well, it's not
The best month
In the
History of our relationship
And Dan can tell you
I've gone through a lot of
I was really torn up about it
With our engagement and everything
I was bummed out that
Our relationship
Doesn't look so super cool
In the
Movie
But it's
Honest, it's everything that happened
I wish there were more moments with me smiling
I learned my big lesson
From having a documentary made about me
That from now on, whenever I do
Dry humor, I'm always going to end it
With bursting into laughter
And kissing someone on the forehead and saying
I love you
Because that's definitely what's missing
I had a lot more fun on tour
Than it showed in the movie
I was having a good time
But it's
There's literally a moment in the movie
Where you're actually just asking me to say
I love you and I won't do it
Because I think it's funny
And it doesn't seem funny
I think you put it very well
When you said it shows your relationship
Not at its best, not at its worst
It's this middle ground of
What it's like
The truth is
We got in a really bad fight
Early on, and it was never
Really resolved
And with my personality
And maybe this is me being a woman
Or maybe it's just me being Erin
But I wanted to talk stuff out
We didn't get to talk stuff out
Because you were like, can we just
Like, let's just have fun
Like, can we deal with this later?
But to me, it wasn't that big of a deal
But because we didn't talk to it, I felt weird
And like you were rude to me
And I have this programming
In me about relationships
Where just because
Observing my mom and my dad
I'm not using it as an excuse of saying
This is my big flaw
My gender roles
Are based on the guy coming
Home and trying
To prove that there's nothing
To get worked up about
And that the woman is going
There is a reason to get worked up
You should be apologizing
And you should be doing something
That the guy is supposed to go
No, there isn't, be quiet
And that is the source
Of all of our difficulties
I'm always trying to avoid a fight
And I end up pausing them
I think during the tour especially
And in real life, like in normal life
You're very conscious of being
A bad boyfriend or you're very worried
That you're a bad boyfriend
And most of the time when you say that
I don't think that you're being a bad boyfriend
Or you were so worried
That you were going to be a bad boyfriend
Whenever I would say anything
Like positive or negative, you'd be like
Okay, come on!
No one cares about this!
Yeah, but it would be about
Things that were positive or negative
Or just like hanging out
And I very much wanted to be one of the guys
Hanging out, but I think
I would have been put in the position
By you of like, come on Aaron
Don't start anything, but I wasn't
Sad and it felt lonely and weird
But I had a great time
Alright, so speaking of nobody caring about this
Let's bring up Spencer!
Yeah
I know, but
Wow
So why don't you stand anywhere you want
Or sit there
What's up? Are you guys having a good time?
Is anybody drunk right now?
Are we all going to go home
And safely and securely
Transfer files using Dropbox?
Yeah!
Yeah, Lamar!
I just made $800
Holy shit!
That's not true
I just love Dropbox
Spencer and I just had lunch
And you were breaking it down about Bitcoin to me
Because what I didn't know is that the
What's that? The Gox or what the hell?
Yeah, Mt. Gox
The trader of Bitcoins originally started off
As Magic Card
Depository, that's so fucking awesome
I'm all up in Magic and Bitcoin
I'm in all of that
I dig it
Spencer, how are you holding up on this trip?
I'm having a good time
I've been more drunk here
Than I've ever ever been
Yeah!
Yeah, drinking
Spencer and I went out to
The mean-eyed cat yesterday
And with that little
Country bar
Spencer on a beer and a half is the coolest
Spencer in the fucking world
And Spencer's already really cool
I hadn't eaten in like 14 hours
That beer was my breakfast
And it was afternoon
It's like a hug from the inside
I'm the kind of drunk who talks about
How drunk they are
That's terrible, I'm sorry
I'm just so wasted
But
Yeah, well that's the problem
If anybody's got a joint later on
Hook up or other up
Not that that's legal or anything
No, it's totally illegal, don't do it
We appreciate the law
So we just shriek weed
What?
Spencer, how do you feel about this film coming out?
Because you have not seen this
I have not seen it, I'm terrified
I'm told I come out well
But that terrifies me even more
I don't want people to like me
Yeah
You don't want people to like you
You probably don't want people to not like you
Yeah, it's a hard balance to strike
Yeah
Kind of an impossible tightrope
I want everyone to do all stuff for me
Without bothering me in any way
It's hard
Well that's what they're going to do tonight
They're going to watch a movie about you and love you
Whether you like it or not
Yeah man, I'm going to get so laid
You're a bashful
An introverted person
You said bashful, but I thought you said a bathful
What the fuck does that mean?
You're a bit of a bathful
Dirty water, mostly
Some soap
What I'm trying to say is
I'd like to have a bath with you later on
I'm down
You're a shy guy, but you're about to be thrust into
At least many stardom in this
Because you really do emerge as a heroic figure
In this I would say
Yeah, sure
I'm a heroic figure, you guys
Look at all this heroism
I mean, you're the one that goes on a journey
Because you get to go to New York for the first time
Right? You would never been there
Yeah, I got to look at the M&M store
Got all
All the M&M's
What's your take on the M&M store at Times Square?
Why is there an M&M store?
I mean, there's already a gas station
I don't get it
Every store is theoretically
A M&M store
I mean, you can get M&M's anywhere
Why would you seek out M&M's at a specific location?
I don't get it
Why would you be fans of M&M's
Like they're a franchise?
I just love chocolate, but that extra
Coding shell
You know how when you go to Las Vegas
You're walking down the strip
And you're like, can we stop for a second?
I need a lot of M&M's
I just want all blue ones
Custom made
And they need to be in a $70 container
Spencer, what city did you most
Identify with on the tour?
What city did I most
Identify with?
What was Spencer Town?
I mean, probably New York, right?
Because everyone just ignores you
And you can tell everybody to fuck off
And there's people pissing in subways
It's cool, it's cool
I don't know
It's raining
Jesus Christ
Lamar, you still here?
The movie's at 9.30
I cut off Aaron to bring Spencer off
I thought that we were going to be up here
Talking about our relationship forever
Aaron, let's do a new segment called
Aaron has more to say about our
Relationship
Yeah
Tenderness is a hot thing
Reach it out
Singaling, you got to take your hand
In mine, it's a team effort
It's going to be fine together
Somebody just walked into the hotel
Because we were doing this in a tavern
In a hotel lobby
Somebody just came to the front door
And passed by the doorway to where we are
And had absolutely no idea what the fuck
Was going on
The look was one of consternation
I'm here for the Bitcoin
Cooperative
I don't have more to say
I just felt vulnerable and that I felt embarrassed
The use of speaking of no one caring
And I was like, oh no, I've done it again
I brought down the podcast again
I was doing a bit, I was doing a segue bit
Speaking of no one caring, let's bring up Spencer
I was trying to keep the show on the road
Because I thought we were running out of time
I didn't know we were in one of those holy shit
What are we going to do for two hours?
Let's do a rap about all the fun things that Dan's done in Austin
Austin
Rap
Can't hear the music
Can't hear the beat, beyond beat
Just grabbing and moving my feet
Wait for the beat, okay
Now I got the beat
Let's do a rap
Dan, why don't you do the rap about
Finding out that you're going to die tomorrow
And all the things you want to get done
Go!
Okay, alright, new suggestion
Dark
Oh shit
Oh, yeah
Oh, oh, oh shit
Ice tea is going to die
Tomorrow
It's going to spend the next day in sorrow
I got a bucket list
Of things to do
My name is Ice Tea, motherfucker
How do you do? I'm from the streets
I'm from the gangster life
I fucked your mama so hard
Like a knife, that's gross
I'm sorry
I'm a jury, evocative of violence
I don't do that
See?
Easy words to rhyme
End with A-O-I-E
That's fine
For instance, if you can end a line with
Day, then you can say that
You're way or you're gay
If you end a line with the word
Me, then you could say
That you bent at the knee
If you were to say you had a cup
Of tea, then you could say
And then you see
The key is you want to have vowels
So you can move the wrap
Out of your bowels
Like taking a shit, you want it to slide out
I fucked your mama so hard
I got the gout
Rich food is Austin style
I fucked your mama on the
Egyptian Nile
I fucked your mama in a river
I fucked your mama on a lake
I fucked your mama for the march of dimes
For children's sake
I already fucking your mom
I fucked your mama with my friends
Harry and Tom
Tim, go rap outside
Go rap outside on the street
Yeah
Okay, I'm gonna try to keep the beat
I'm gonna try to do it
Somebody video this
Keep your phones out and video this right now
I'm gonna see if the mic still works
Trying to keep the beat
Even though I'm with some jerks
Gotta keep the wrap going on the beat
To rap on the rainy street
Kinda went out here
And I can't hear you
But here's what I'm saying
And here's what I'll do
I'm gonna rap on the street
I've always been from
So now I got the beat
All you motherfuckers through this glass
Can hear me rapping in Austin
Look at my ass
Visible when I pull down my pants
I'm gonna do a rainy street
Austin Texas dance
Fuck it up
In the street with style
I fucked your mama
All the goddamn why
I gotta come back in
Cause I'm going to get arrested
Yo, I'm gonna get arrested
Some people that are looking at me
And they're pretty happy
That they don't know me
Oh shit, I'm really in trouble
Back inside
Yo, yeah, bubble
Yeah, did I stay on the beat?
Yeah
Fuck, yeah
Now I got it
Yeah
It's a lot to process
Kinda wish I was in the audience instead of
In the show
So I could just sit back and figure out
What just happened
What's your name?
Holly
I saw your mama at Holly's house
Doesn't matter what her name is
That rhymes with mouse
That's the only word that you're gonna rhyme with
What's your name?
Wendy
Yeah
It's a rapping game
Someone
That's your name
See, it doesn't really matter
Yo, Pete
Yo, Scatter
It's called Working the Crowd
I'm gonna say your name
She said it out loud
It's like it's improvised
But you're really just rapping
It just actually sucks
Jesus
Can't get it
Alright
Did I really stay on the beat?
I turned it off
So we could hear you better
You were right on it, I put it back on
No idea how embarrassing it was out there
For real, it's just quiet
Quiet and rainy
There's just people talking to their agent
On the phone
And I was just like, I'm fat and stupid
And they were like, you're homeless
And you're in jail, you're gonna go to jail
Because out there, you can't hear a single thing in here
No, and you don't care
About anything in here
Out there
That's the world, it's out there
There's police out there
There's a guy behind you in a hoodie trying to look to the glass and trying to figure out what you were going to
He looked bummed out
Are you Ashton Kutcher?
Why are you allowed to do this?
You're going to jail
You were a microphone away from crazy
Thank god I had this
I kept pointing at it
I'm not hearing things
I'm not insane, I have a microphone
Also, most of those windows
Have posters on them that we can see out
But you really can't see
There's only one window you can kind of see
There's a lot of people out there doing what I was doing
And they're all criminals
They're all in trouble
We should give all the homeless people microphones
Or cooperative Bitcoin
Give them a chance
I almost wonder
Nah, he smells so good
And he was so charismatic
You kind of wanted Lamar
You kind of wanted Lamar to really have his pulpit
But it doesn't matter
He's probably gone
We don't want to keep surfing that wave
Did Lamar leave?
He's gone
Now you guys feel like you should have left
Alright, what's the next chapter?
Let's play some D&D
I think Spencer's probably ready for that
I guess
I'm ready
I'm ready for anything
I don't know
Spencer, I told him
Maybe we'll play D&D, maybe we won
It's up to him
Spencer, you were away for a couple weeks
You didn't play D&D
I should correct you
We didn't play it with you
Oh, I know
Also, to be quite honest
There's been about 17 other shows where we didn't really play D&D
And you were there
It was still the time
While Spencer gets ready
Let's do our pain segment
Our human pain segment
Who's the most in pain?
This hand is just like
Immediately
Are you willing to come up and talk about your pain?
Come on up
Katie
Katie, welcome Katie to the stage
Would you?
Katie, there you go
I'm so happy to be here
Good to meet you
You seem pretty happy for somebody
That's in a lot of pain
I'm really happy
I don't have a ticket
What's going on in your life that brings you so much heartache?
Okay
Hello everyone
It's like being in an airport
But they're listening
There's a sort of chuffa
Basically, I'm going to try to make it short
Just because I don't want to drag out the story
But I just remember you guys talking
On the podcast about how
You can get very
Overwhelmed with emotion a lot in your life
And I just remember you mentioning
You wearing a suit that's kind of like
Your defense
And that was something I really related to
A few years ago
When I had this really big up and down thing
With this one guy
And it finally ended
I came to realize that
My emotions overwhelm me
So much
I don't know how to deal with it
And I feel like you guys might be able to relate to that
So I just wanted to know
How you
Lived with that through your life
Because I'm really lost
Is this a breakup that you're still going through?
It ended when I was
17 or 18
But you keep thinking about it
People would always say you're too young
To be in love, you don't know
What you're thinking, you're just a teenager
I always told them you can say that
How long has it been?
Since we broke up
Probably like 5 years
And I don't talk to him anymore
We didn't end on horrible terms
But I'm pretty sure he doesn't want anything
To do with me
You've got one relationship
You don't have contact with him
You don't have mutual friends
We do, but we don't see each other
I know he doesn't want to be around me
Have you dated anyone since then?
I did recently
For a few weeks
They were really good immediately
We'd been dating for like a year
And then he said he realized
That it wasn't a good time
In his life for a relationship
But I hadn't done anything wrong
That's who he's lying
I was comforting, but it was still
Kind of a big shock
I feel everything
Very, very strongly
I cripple under my emotions
What's the
Is there a main emotion that you feel like
Is it regret or loss or separation
I think just
Separation from people who I feel like
I just enjoy being around them a lot
So you lost a group of friends as well
When that went away?
Just one person
I cling very strongly to people
That I feel like I can connect with
And then when I lose that, it's just
Have you been able to have a relationship since then
In the last five years?
I just had this one recently, but it was only
Three weeks, and that ended
A couple of weeks ago
Is it because everyone casts a shadow
Over everything else? No, it was other reasons
To me
I don't know the details of it
And also, I've never
Gone through anything like this
I wouldn't be able to really commiserate with you
But I think the ability to
Feel strongly emotionally about something
Is the most important thing in the world
And I think that as I've grown up a little bit
I've learned to
When you talk about wearing a suit
A suit of armor, whatever our things are
That we use to keep
The world away
You've learned as
As you grow up that letting people in
Is really dangerous emotionally
And you pay a price for getting older
We've all paid
Prices, no matter how old you are
If you're in this room
I think I've gotten a little less emotional
And much better at finding
Clever ways of keeping people at arms length
And that does not make
Your life better at all
I don't want to keep people at arms length
And after that big breakup happened
When I was younger, I felt like
That Simon and Garfunkel song, I'm a rock
I wanted to be that because
If I open up the floodgates
To my feelings, I would never be able to control it
It's just too much, so you cut it all off
Connecting with other human beings
Is the most wonderful thing in the world
But people have accused me of being really aloof
And I can be and I am
Because if I let everybody in
I'm so emotionally
A big radar antenna
For whatever's wrong in the room
And if I open up that floodgate
I will fall on the ground
To start crying
I'm exactly like that
I'm trying to hold it together right now
Do you have the triggers you go back to
Do you have songs you listen to
I was just kidding about him
Lying
But I mean
The great news is
That you're in this really exciting time in your life
Where you feel
Like you said, you're starting to
You're starting to cry
And that feels like a negative emotion
And I guess definitively it is
So great, because this is the time
When you get to discover new things
And you should, you're going to be
With other people
Like Claire Danes says
In my so called life
God bless her
It hurts until it doesn't
So
If you're feeling bad right now
Like you're
Going to meet other people
And this first experience
Like the pain of that, if you're feeling bad
You look like a creative person
Use that energy to do as many
Crazy weird things as possible
She's been hurting for five years
Which at first glance is like
That's on the fringe of the bell curve
I think you said
That you've been hurting consistently for five years
Well, I mean things were very up and down
He's a really vague person
So I would always pour my heart out to him
And then he'd be like, yeah
I think he's become a legend in your mind
That's not really a real person anymore
I know I had that person
It's just really romantic
Very romantic
You at this point have imagined him to be something
For longer than you knew him
Which is fine and doesn't make it
Any less real
But it means that
You get to free yourself
From that
I say how often are you checking in
With them?
How often are you checking in with the songs
And the pictures and Facebook
It's not about this guy
It's just about me realizing that I have this
Massive
Storehouse of emotions
To deal with in my life
I say be that person
The price that we pay
For all the shit that we've gone through
The painful stuff, the hurtful stuff
The stuff that will never go away
It shouldn't ever go away
But that's the stuff that makes you creative
That's the stuff that's
Human beings as far as we know
That turns pain into artwork
Yes
We tell stories, we sing songs
We arrange flowers
We do shit
That's how we expiate our pain
And that creates
Relief for other people
We turn our pain
Dan's a painful person
Aaron is Spencer as I am
And Neil as we all are
Artwork is
Letting other people experience your pain
For them
And that's catharsis
I kind of want to do everything
I don't really know where to start
If that makes any sense
Like I want to paint, I want to do movies
I want to do everything
I want to try, yeah
Your job is to figure out
How you would explain to a stranger
Whether through visuals
Or audio
Or feeling or whatever
How do you transmit that pain to them
Because it can't hurt them at all
All it can do is make them go
Holy shit, I felt that way once
And if you felt that way for five years
That speaks well to your potential
To transmit to other people
And it's all about you, it's definitely not about this guy
I think most importantly
Focus on
What makes you so
Cool
Obviously like the entrance that you're going in
Before into the castle that is
Love and like a relationship
That's like stabilized or whatever
I know I didn't get into that
Quote-unquote castle
Until
Until later
And was in a lot of relationships
But the like
You get to
Really figure out why you're cool
Don't fall into the trap of focusing on the other person
Because that's easy, that's easy to focus on
Other people and whatever else
Right, I think the two biggest things
I want to know is like
The only person who feels completely
Just like kicked into the ground
By how strongly I feel
Stuff, I feel like
I wonder if there's anybody out there that's ever felt
Actually absolutely emotionally devastated
I'm four years past a girlfriend
And I'm still constantly thinking about her
I know exactly what you're talking about
Yeah, I just want to be able to
Feel like everybody just
Always has all their shit together
And I'm the only one
I mean I know that's irrational
Professor, do you have street
Well yeah, I mean everyone fakes it like that
You just got to get good at faking it
I mean I think that's what I do
Do you bring it back up, do you have songs
Do you have pictures you look at, do you
No, it was all on my old phone
And I have a new phone now but
I always
That's a good idea
That's hilarious, having a new phone
Nothing's funnier than the iPhone 5S
Gold
Well
That's what you're talking about
There's nothing you could do about it
Feelings are like seasons, they just fucking happen
And you either get in a house or you get wet
Yeah, I mean I've accepted that they're there
I just want to be able to like
Survive and turn it into something
Good and not just me like crying
Like I want to make it something positive
Here's the thing
Everyone in this room I think
Shares that with you
I think that's part of being a human being
But
That's my own thing which makes us
As human beings the greatest thing in the world
Because we all share sorrow
But we all have individual sorrow
And that's the flag that you get to wave
That makes us
That's all I got going for me right now
The danger is that you let
Your emotionalness, your sensitivity
Don't let that harden you
Don't put a shell up
Because that'll turn you, that'll age you
That'll make you bitter
That'll make you unhappy
We're going to stop getting
The full version of Katie
Be emotional
Be a wreck, be a weirdo
And don't ever apologize for it
Because I'm going to start crying right now
Because this is the greatest thing in the world
And be proud that you came here and told 200 people
About your feelings and what hurts you
And they aren't hating you for it
They're digging it
Go out in the crowd right now
And see how many people will shake your hand
Right now
Yeah, take Katie, show Katie
What it's like to be a fucking hitman
Yeah
And then go get a free pass with Bethany
Because she's giving it away
I think about the things she's describing
I think about the movie, Say Anything
With Jack Puzak
Like, what's it, Lily Taylor
Is that the, I'm going to say the play
Is the character who's constantly obsessed
With her ex-boyfriend
With her songs about him
Like, she's characterized
That archetype is like
Oh, she should get over him
But really what she should do is keep playing guitar
And like really figuring out
How to get that shit out
Because one of those songs will hit
Like, I think it is her responsibility
To wipe her ass with the world
That's what an artist should do
The most empowering feeling is
Realizing like
Two years after the fact someone's broken up with you
And you've written all these songs
And you're angry and being like
Holy shit, this person that I've been getting over
Is a projection that I created
So now I double-a-own this person
And I made $8 off of him
But how do you feel about the idea
That love is the same chemical
Like, if we don't trigger it
It dissipates
It's a very analog thing
Yeah, it's true, but how do you
Trigger it?
She's not hanging out
Yeah, I mean
I feel like no matter what, this is certainly the best
D&D we've ever done
Do you think you're prepared
To do a little ad hoc D&D
A noisy hotel lobby?
You guys are good
It's really loud over there
You guys are still good, you can hear us and everything
Also, Katie, thank you
That was one of my favorite Harmontown moments of all time
Katie, do you have tickets to the show?
To the documentary?
I'm just going to give away these tickets
Really fast
There are a couple of people
I know you don't have tickets
It's exciting this is for the live crowd
I don't know
Katie, do you have tickets?
Okay, cool
Those are tickets
Someone just came up and handed me tickets
I feel like this is
Even though it's not like optimum sound
This is not like the normal comfort
Of a small theater
I really like what's going on
I'm in a very good
Harmontown mood
It's a lovely town
You guys are
Some of the best versions of what
It's nice to look out and see
It makes us feel very safe
I'm getting all sappy now, thanks Katie
Spencer
Two or more weeks off
Is there something special about this D&D session?
Because we haven't played D&D in Los Angeles
For weeks
It's special in that
I prepared it in this very room
Twenty minutes ago
Is it sort of separate? Is it non-canonical?
What's happening? I'm scared
What's happening? It's non-canonical
No, it's canonical
Should it be non-canonical?
Do you want me to hand out the sheets?
I want everyone to do everything
Anyway
I mean
What's happening? I'm sorry
I'm just so wasted
Did you find weed since we last talked about that?
Yeah, no, this guy
For real? Yeah, no
Found it within himself
This is exciting
So, what's up you guys?
Neil Berkley is going to play Chris de Burghh
Because Kumail is in Austin
But he's doing a panel right now
I know
Are you really fine?
No
Are you booing me?
They're booing Kumail for being a bad friend
That motherfucker is on every bus in town
That's so cool
You can see Kumail's little face everywhere
I love that
It's amazing
Is that yours?
Oh, you drive a pedicab? And you've got Kumail's picture on it?
That's awesome
That's Austin
What's up?
Spencer, are you good to go?
Bar shut the fuck up
Thank you
But look
But also have a good time
But shut the fuck up
Okay
When we last met
Our heroes had just been released
By the Bone Sages
By the Bone Sages of Tormod
Torn
After agreeing to slay the Marsh Minotaur
The party headed towards
The Farmers Market to look for clues
Jesus Christ, is that me?
After a brief chat with
Joe to be cheesy
The gang went over a hill and discovered a cave
Covered in bones
Our heroes entered the cave despite
Monstrous whales coming with deep
Within the cavern
Within, keep saying within, the dark
Dagnus
Our heroes encountered the Marsh Minotaur
Who was actually a pretty cool guy
And actually not a guy at all
But a girl
After deeming the Minotaur to be too honorable
To be killed in cold blood
The gang banded together with it
But what would they do?
How would they escape?
And what of their skull curse?
And what about the Tarragon of Virtue?
Is that still something that people
Are paying attention to?
We'll find out this time
No, we won't, we'll find out sometime
So you guys might not know what's going on
But this time it's justified
Okay, so I
Describe the surrounding exactly
What we're looking at right now
Okay, so you're in this
Dank dark cave
It's covered in bones and feces
There's the Marsh Minotaur
Towering above you
Her udders in full display
She's in the cave
She's like
Hey Marsh
Hey guys
Do you have a name?
I think I said I had a name
What do you want to call me?
Meredith
That was my name, yeah
Do you know anything about the Tarragon of Virtue?
I mean
I've heard it's in paradise
I don't really know much about that
I'm just in a cave
You're in a cave
Alright, well I'm sober as a judge
And I'm not angry
You're sober?
Well, maybe not as a judge
But
I'm sober as a relaxed judge
And I
Ironically I can't hear anything
But I think that we should
We should
Head out of wherever we are
Are there any exits or
Egrests in this cave?
These are pretty straightforward
They got like one exit
Isn't it notable that Meredith
Isn't the
Minotaur that we were seeking after?
Say again?
Is that a thing?
We agreed to go kill the Marsh Minotaur
When we got out of the
Bone Sages Tribunal
Yeah, it was part of the terms of your release
Yeah, Meredith isn't it
I walk towards the entrance to the cave
And say let's get the hell out of here
Get out of the cave and into the
Dusty gray darkness of the Underworld
It's all
Dusty and gray
Over the hill you know that
The city of Tormatorre
Is just right over there, but I mean
Do you want to go back there? I don't know
You gotta get out of here, right?
We gotta find the tarragon of virtue
How do you get to Paradise?
Paradise is above ground says Meredith
It's above ground and we are underground
Don't we have a thing that can make a staircase
Yeah, you had to rape a cyber skeleton
And it got destroyed in that
So no, you don't
You raped a skeleton?
It was a cyber spider
Did I say skeleton, cyber spider?
A lot of mistakes from me
You're telling me
But you walk out of the cave
I already said that, you're in the dusty
Gray dustness of the Underworld
The Minotaur goes
You guys want to get out of here?
Yeah
Yeah, me too
I've been down here for too long
I've never even seen this marsh
I mean, I have
That's where I'm from
Meredith, may I ride you?
No, I'm a bipedal creature
I don't get written
Can I ride you?
You don't do like piggybacks or anything like that?
I mean, I'm sure it's possible
I'm not down with that
She says, well, climbing upon Mulraine, Sedona
It's very heavy
He climbs upon Mulraine, Sedona?
She does
To the... there
So Meredith is riding you right now?
Yeah, I feel her udders against my back
Oh, yeah
Let's go into the marsh
There's no marsh down here, that's above ground
Is it above ground marsh?
Yeah, that's where I'm from, I just got sucked down here
Have we left the cave yet?
Yeah, we're in the Underworld proper
We're in the Dusty Dark Grayness
I don't know this
I'm assuming you guys must have fell down here
along with a castle
We killed Admiral Darkstar and the castle
all collapsed and we killed a bunch of people
and we got in a lot of trouble for it
So there's a hole in the ceiling, right?
Maybe we can get out of that hole
A hole
to climb up out of
I climb up the hole
You're not by the hole because you've trekked
quite a long way
Right, we went to Skeleton Town and got accused
of all kinds of things
Okay, let's walk back towards the hole
entry
Sure, yeah, that's happening
As you tread through the Dusty Darkness
you see your footprints that lead to the city
those were the footprints you did
you made when you were walking towards the city
that one time
You also note a pair of wolf-like footprints
like that of a wolf
like that of two wolves
maybe more than two wolves
much newer than your own
and then you reach the Crumbling
Ruin Castle
but all is not right
You see, the dark stone blocks of Dark Stars
Forest are faded with age
and look to be crumbling to dust
as if they've endured millennia of history
the dark stone blocks
they're just crumbling all over the place
brilliant sunlight
streams down from the hole in the ceiling
hundreds of yards above your heads
Is it climbable, the surface of the hole?
Bar
Bar, quiet
We're doing important work over here
I don't know if anyone else is having the same feeling
but I know when I was in high school
and used to play games like this in a cafeteria
it was identical to this
I mean, let's be loud but not so loud
that they come over and yell at us
with a bar
I don't think anyone's going to yell at us
Everyone at the bar, help us out please
I really don't think that's going to work
Use a rap song
There's other shitty bars to go to
Go to those
ugly bars in Austin
What's happening?
We head towards a goddamn hole in the ceiling
I'm going to go sit at the bar and do this
You head up
I'm going to play at the bar
I'm going to confront these assholes
I'll do it
All they've learned is that when that happens
they get to sell their products
That's the only precedent we've seen
Let's sit right here
Please, loud motherfuckers
I'm going to stand next to this Newsy
I go to the...
I start climbing the side of the hole
There's no side of the hole
Imagine if there was a hole in the ceiling
of this very building
You couldn't just climb up into thin air
I know I've asked you this a thousand times
but it's my sun rod
That's that stick with the button
That's like a flashlight
The thing that got destroyed
The Meredith
She speaks up
That's a big hole
You need some sort of crazy, ridiculous ladder
to get up there
Or a teleport cape
Which I have
That's cool
Teleport cape
You teleport to the surface
Sharpies is above
on the surface world
at the rim of this hole
alone
I use my springy shoes
You're what now?
I have shoes of springy
You jump 20 feet straight into the air
I try to reach down
The hole is 700 yards deep
I have a scape artist
Where I am to the top of the hole
Not without a solid plan
or some way to ascend 700 yards
By escaping as an artist
You draw a depiction of your brilliant escape
I do
It doesn't happen though
It's not that loud over there
It just sounds loud
It's the high ceilings I think
I'm looking around
for materials on the surface world
to see if there's a way that I could
make a 700 meter ladder
It's frozen tundra
There's no vegetation
or anything as far as I can see
In fact, there's not really anything
Can I climb out?
Your climate kit does include rope
but it's only 150 feet of rope
It's not quite enough
If you call it down to me, I think I can make a ladder
I have rope and supplies
Hey, make a ladder
It's less than 700 yards
of ladder
Meredith again speaks up
I actually
have a ladder
Yeah, yeah, I have it
If I take this acid
Can I have a visual
that I'm out of the cave?
No, it's like burning, killing you
Can I use the lyre of building to get us out of here?
You could, but it takes some time
Meredith just said she has a ladder
I do
A several hundred foot ladder?
Oh, yeah, this is like a ridiculous ladder
Oh, let's use the ladder
Can we use your ladder?
I mean, I don't have it with me, but trust me
It's like crazy, we're talking
It was forged in the pits of Skaldor
by double giants
She says she has a ladder, but it's not with her
It's forged in the pits of Skaldor
I might have jumped the gun on this teleportation
Is there a coffee place up there?
Nope, just a bunch of snow
Meredith, where's the ladder?
I'll go get it, it's back in the cave
Time passes
While time passes, you guys
should talk about your greatest fears
She runs into the darkness
Commitment
I imagine that I am at
an afternoon party
and someone says
let's create something really cool
and I reach in my pockets
and I look at my hands
and they're pool cubes
It's my greatest fear
I like that
I'm going first
My greatest fear is her telling that story again
Kidding
Hypothermia
A serious relationship
My greatest fear
Pumas
Sure
Meredith comes back
She's carrying a crazy ladder
It's like crazy
I helped Meredith put the ladder
up right so we can get up there
It's very difficult to do that because this ladder
is 700 yards long
I use my barbarian strength
to help the ladder get up
As hard as it is, it is in fact possible
and you accomplish this task
The ladder, it sets up
She's like, we best climb this
But don't worry, I mean yes, worry
Please be worried
It's a crazy ladder
What sort of craziness might happen?
You might go crazy
I don't give a shit
I'm a barbarian, I start climbing the ladder
I'll hold the top
You start climbing the ladder
and as you ascend, you see
Pumas
On the ladder
You're terrified
You can't move
I'm stuck on the ladder
You see your friend Quark
climb 10 feet up the ladder
I'm plus 10 against Pumas
Wait, what?
No, I'm kidding. I was paying attention to the
side conversation going on
I failed my will save on that one
You sure did, Quark
You sure did, and you're seeing Pumas
Guys, get off this ladder, there's Pumas everywhere
We're all gonna die
We don't see any Pumas
This ladder is fucking lousy with Pumas
I stab Quark
in the thigh with a dagger
You can't reach that high
He's 10 feet up
So I do it, and then I pretend it was a joke
and I put it in my pocket
You do that
It does come off like a joke
Everything's fine, you guys
What does someone else want to do?
Can I use a spell on him
that's like
from this high up
If I have, for instance
Oh, I don't know
For instance
a little thing called
Cause Fear
No, that won't work
Pumas!
I have a poison dagger, can I take care of them with that?
If I were to use Charm Person
Could I just make him happy
enough to climb a ladder
and stop caring about Pumas?
No, he'd just be a good friend of yours
that was also terrified
But he wouldn't overcome his fear
No, it would be like
he's feeling both of those things
He'd get real confused and horny probably
Meredith, what's the deal with her?
Say again?
So what?
They're not real Pumas
They're imaginary Pumas
Meredith, what's the deal
with these hallucinations?
How do we get past that?
Meredith, why would you offer as a crazy ladder?
I'm sorry, do you have any 700-yard-long ladders?
I'm sorry, why are you going along
with us on this journey
if you don't want to help us?
Because I want to go back to the marsh
I start kissing Meredith's neck
She's not comfortable with it, but she allows it
Guys, I'm getting killed by Pumas up here
Yeah, you feel Puma claws
smashing into your flesh
Can I use my fast stealth to climb the ladder?
Yes, stealthily
I do that
You climb up, you seem like
someone can see you
You get to quark
and you can even climb over him without him noticing you
There's Pumas everywhere
You get 30 feet above him
and then you see
a very aggressive looking woman on the ladder
climbing down
It's your mother
We gotta go to dinner, we are late
What are you wearing? Are you kidding me?
This is the big day
Fine
It's terrifying
If you're not getting that from my reading
Do I have to get past her?
I mean, you have to deal with it
Do I have to overcome this emotionally?
I don't know, man
Probably
I start climbing up the ladder
You climb up the ladder
and you climb and you climb
You get right up to where quark is
and it seems like the ladder is on
It's just broken
It's a bit cracked and messed up
with your craft skills
I've got to reach into my pockets
Then there's nothing in your pockets
We can see her!
Pumas!
I leap off the ladder
head first into the cave
That happens
The fuck is going on down there?
Just climb up the ladder
This is a crazy ladder, Sharpie
You land head first
Taking
19 damage
Jesus Christ
What's your HP up?
Can I throw my climb?
Am I on top of the hole?
Hold on, I've got to see this
This is how you die
19 plus 23
What's 19 plus 23?
You're not...
I'm sorry, you're not dead
You're just very injured
and you think you slipped a disc
Spencer, am I on top of the hole?
No, you're about 10 feet
No, 20 feet above him
but it's still several hundred feet
We've got a long way to go
And there's fucking pumas
It's all over the place
So I keep climbing the ladder
Yeah, with your significant other
who keeps haranguing you
Incessantly
Wow, Spencer, you're really hitting home here
I know, it's terrifying, isn't it?
She's just going on, now she's being passive aggressive
Why am I with someone?
You're doing a really great job
climbing up the ladder
Great, you're so strong
You're everything
like my guy friend
I build a fire
up here, a campfire
Okay, that happens
It's very soothing
and starts to warm your cold bones
I keep trying to press on
because I'm so scared of the pumas
You use that fear attack to climb away
Running away from the pumas
They slash at your belly and back
You take some damage of some sort
Seven damage
Is your fake pumas?
I mean, are they? No, alright
I keep climbing, I'm tough
You get 80 feet up, you're pretty far up
Alright
There's a puma on your back
You got no idea, Spencer
Oh cool, Neil, is that a stain on your shirt?
Neat, you're like Jackson Pollock
You're going to be the coolest guy in this party
Great, don't change
I tell her I'll be in the car
when she's ready
Yeah, she's like
you always say that
But then she doesn't speak anymore
Yay, that's all it takes
Sometimes
Mulrainee is writhing on the floor, right?
Yeah, yeah, in pain
I take out my
a dagger
and I
put it on the ground
That's my move
You place the dagger
gently on the ground
or not gently, whatever you want
What does other people do?
I keep climbing
Puma damage
Puma's been on my back so long
now I should become like a scarf
I'm getting used to this Puma
It is kind of warm
You get 100 feet up
as Christopher also keeps climbing
You guys are maybe halfway up the ladder
I climb too
Alright, but as you climb up
It's fine, you don't seem anything anymore
It's almost as if the slip disc
might have deactivated
some part of the delirium factor
That's how
vertebrae works
That's what chiropractors would tell you
Well, that's true
We all keep climbing up
You keep climbing up and you keep taking Puma damage
Puma damage?
It's not fun
Imaginary Puma damage
That's my current pitch for the name of the episode
You get more than halfway up
You guys are all the way almost up
Mulraine's trailing behind
She's a bit slow because she has a slip disc
That's very painful
If anyone's ever experienced that, it hurts a lot
You keep climbing
And you keep climbing
And Mulraine, you see
Quark
He's covered in gash marks
He's bleeding heavily
It's making the ladder slippery
It's hard to deal with
Girl, you're bleeding
I know this is Puma's
Puma damage
I miss that girl
and I play everything I do by Pitera
You feel
contemplative
or something
I honestly didn't hear what you just said
I keep climbing
Yeah, you keep climbing and bleeding
Bleeding all over the ladder
But you get
to where Neil is
I mean, Christopher
How close are we at the top?
You're very close
You're pretty close
You're not quite close
But you're almost getting to pretty close
Can I use my climbing kit now?
Am I 150 feet away?
I use my climbing kit
It makes it so much easier
You have no risk of falling off the ladder
With your newfound confidence
You just soar to the top
and see Sharpie
He's made a fire
I've made a fire
That happens
I go into a barbarian rage
to shrug off these
perceived Pumas
and I use all my barbarian powers
to climb up to the final wave
Raging like a barbarian
You attempt to climb the ladder
like a raging person
with anger problems might climb a ladder
Uh, yeah, yeah, you climb it
You're bleeding
You're bleeding and climbing
You get to the top and you see
you see a fire
and Sharpie and Christopher
Hello
Are we all up here? Is Mulraine still down?
Mulraine's still coming up
Mulraine, get up here
Can I throw her down to the climbing tool?
Yeah, yeah, you can lower her
I do that
I try to catch it with my mouth
Yeah, you catch it right in your mouth
Did you roll a 20?
I rolled a 15
It was dropping straight down
Right in the teeth
Alright, I get the climbing kit
and I swallow it
It's very large to swallow
You can't even fit it in your mouth
I gag on it, I take it out
I put it in my back pocket
and I start climbing up the ladder again
You keep climbing up this slick
bloody ladder
Mulraine lost her mind a few rounds ago, guys
I'm committed to this
The ladder is bloody
and it's slippery
Okay, so the ladder is bloody
I decide I want to become a shadow
so I cover myself
with all the blood that I can find
so I'm as dark as possible
and it happens
And like Carrie, I rise
on the rope ladder
I mean, what?
I never saw Carrie
She's covered in blood, Spencer
You've seen pictures of Carrie
You've seen GIFs
GIFs?
But you understand the concept of Carrie
Oh, yeah, she's like a girl
and she doesn't have friends
and then she kills herself
She gets teased
and covered in blood
and then she kills everyone
Well, that's a triumphant story, right?
I think so
I saw Carrie and I was like
I was Carrie
Most of my friends were Carrie
So I cover myself on blood like Carrie
It makes it really even more slippery
So that happens?
Yeah, definitely
Mulraine, are you coming up or what?
I'm kind of confused
I'm covered in blood, I continue to climb up the ladder
You continue to climb up the ladder?
I use the climbing kit
Using the climbing kit to secure your ascent
You get to the top of the ladder
and you see all of your good friends
surrounding a fire
We made it to the top of the ladder
That was harder than it looked
Next week we're going to pay our gas bill
Meredith also climbs the ladder
and she crests the top
and gets up there with you guys
Thanks for all that help
Great ladder
Yeah man, it's crazy, let me tell you
I guess it's true what they say about
Minotaur ladders
What do they say about Minotaur ladders?
They're shitty
They're terrible counterproductive ladders
They're like the Uber of ladders
I didn't make this ladder
It was forged in the pits of Skaldor
by double giants
They don't work
I sing our
of course our song about
how we're going to go into battle
or get back to a marsh
You sing that, how does it go?
How does it go?
Through dungeons dark
and campfires hot
Through the sauce
in cooking pots
We are dwarves
and people too
When you make three movies
out of one book
There's stuff that
you have to fill
With
extra time
So much to kill
Golden dragon
bass
in all kinds of forges
All of the characters
will live to the end
We already know that
We read the book
When we were nine
And so we know
All 20 of these people
will be fine
But you made
70 movies
about it
So now we have to watch
Orlando Bloom CG
jump across barrels
Let's have a tan everybody
Thank you for coming!
Erin McGathy
Spencer Crittenden
I want to thank
all of our guests
There's too many a name
but you guys are all wonderful
Thank you for dealing with
Sorry to borrow people that I was an asshole
Austin this has been one of my favorites
I'm Jeff Davis
Please put it together one more time for the mayor
of Ironman 10
Dan Harmon
The San Francisco of Texas
There's signed posters up here
Who wants signed posters?
Come over and grab them
We'll see you at the movie, we'll see you at the after party
We love you
Austin
Greater city in the world
Every secessionist
Your flag's got to be
bigger than the country's
Everybody's gonna have fun
That's a Nerman legend
It's not true about Texas
Independent state
Gonna wreck this shit
Big state
Pretty big for a motherfucking state
Pretty big can't clean your plate
I got barbecue on it
Gonna chop slate
It's butt fuck
Jeff Davis
Music cue change
I fucked you so hard
The music changed
That's the show everybody
I love you Spencer
I love everybody
Spencer
Go see him in the movie
Sorry for those who couldn't get into the movie
We just
We do?
But figure that out
Let's all just hang out and have a drink
We got two hours until the film
We'll meet you guys around here
First off
Mr. Harmon
I want to thank you for supporting the film last year
Thank you so much
I really appreciate that
I was making some friends of ours
It's a great film
Second
My question is for Spencer
Do you have a lot of offers
to go to different conventions
and DM games for them?
No
That's all
I mean you'd think there'd be some of that
Take that
Thank you
Sorry
How about a poison for work
Yeah
Over here please
Tasty
Do you want a wrap for us?
Yo
This guy is going to ask a question
You're still got a hand
Did you
drink?
Ever?
No, I was just saying
It scared the shit out of me
I can't see in the bottom
Oh shit, I see where this is going
This is like a
same type alcohol thing
Then I realized, oh god
It's a kettle of wine
They're paying for this
Cool, thanks
This guy loves alcohol
They certainly paid for
all of my
self abuse over the years
Or was that guy just asking for a free drink?
I don't know, we'll never know
I think the audience is enthusiastic
He doesn't disappear
Yeah, I've paid for it
That was the world's worst mic drop
She doesn't want to pay for that
Once I dropped the mic
and then I had to pay for the mic
afterwards
We might have to pay for it
I'm very sorry
Spencer
We love me
Dan, thank you for everything
for the show
helping me win 65 bucks
All that
Explain yourself
They did that pub quiz a couple weeks ago
and our team won
500 bucks at least
So I got 60 bucks
62 bucks out of that
Thank you
Where is it?
I've already worried about the person below
And the rest you just wasted
During the filmmaking process
Did you realize that Spencer was a hero
or was it after Dan's revelation
at what point
Do you realize
that you can see me in the movie
at the exact point where Neil puts it
That's the point where I kind of realized
It's both tongue in cheek
and tongue out of cheek
where those expressions mean
There's 650 hours of footage
Neil had to deal with the fact
that his documentary subject was a guy
who thinks he knows at any given time
at what point in the story they're at
So there's a lot of stuff on the cutting-edge floor
of me explaining that we're pros and cons
when we're not at all
So it was up to Neil at the end
It was his movie
It was important for me to realize
at a certain point that
Nothing's really happening
to me, transformatively
I'm going to be an asshole when the end of this tour
And I didn't realize
at that exact point
in the tour where it comes in the movie
I made that
V-Log entry
I wanted to help with that
but it was true
So I think Spencer's the hero
who should focus on him
But also
Aaron told me at one point
I remember
watching early cuts
and had a little nausea
about what I was thinking
I was just, I don't know
Neil was having trouble fighting the story
He didn't even need to have one
But if you try to tell a story about me
or footage about me
this is going to be too dark
and I remember Aaron telling me
just tell them to think about Spencer
but it was obviously a thing
and I did tell Neil about that
and I didn't tell Neil
what the idea was
because Neil was going
through the forest while shooting us
I don't know
I'm so happy to see
that he's got a huge fan
for relationships
while he's shooting me
But it was her idea
and I think it was
that was the thing
the journey with Spencer
that was the big saving grace
Neil instead of interviews
like the things
that footage of me in the bathroom
like drunk and babbling
but I think Neil on Spencer's journey
was the backbone
while I was going to be
I'm just an asshole
I'm an asshole at the end
Spencer in the meantime
I'm an asshole dude
for the guys
Thank you
You're welcome
I'm shaking so much
I don't know why
I'm just like everyone in that movie
First off, fantastic movie
The podcast
my life has been pretty crazy
the last few years
and podcasts is one of my favorite discoveries
and you go to work
and it sits there and I listen to it
and what I appreciate is it's not funny
but there's a lot of time that talks about
really serious things
and extensively it takes all its time
and one time you talk about it
which is cults
I grew up in a religious cult
and so I was like the hit really close to home
and a lot of things that are being said
was like wow
it's like someone who is even there
kind of understands this
and talks about it
at what point did the show
that
what point did you feel like
comfortable to be like
this show has a comedy element to it
but we want to talk about serious topics
and we feel free to
go back and forth between comedy
and serious
whatever that really means
The first time I failed to go last
I've just been over that
I'm just honest enough to cope with that
that we're doing that
A comedy show implies that you have an act
and you have material
that you are prepared for
a paying audience and we don't have one
we found that
I think pretty quickly
Dan is in the studio show
at Meltdown because
they offered me a slot
to do a thing where we colonize the moon
ours isn't really a comedy show
it's funny but I think
that when we're being funny
there are moments
where we're connecting with strangers
and
there's always going to be comedy
out of that when it's sincere
so our best moments
are human moments with strangers
when our shows become
this beautiful Muppet show
full of weirdos
that could all have
their own show
laughs are really our most work thing
for the show
they are
most things about Dan's
beautiful ability to freestyle
rap
I kind of want to know what you're going to do
you can't carry that out
Dan, this is not intense
but I'm sorry
fuck yeah, this is about me
so my parents
my parents
my parents went through
a drug rehabilitation program
that became a religious cult
and my dad was second in command
and then he started drinking
and then he got in the accident and killed two people
and they went to prison and then the religious cult
turned on my entire family
can you talk to me honestly
after this
it's a great documentary
get some questions and make a movie
you can make a movie
yeah, I want to be a filmmaker
and I also want to tell the story
my dad just got out of prison
two days ago
and
he said that night
it's like that day, I got my dad and
he said it right now
no
that is
yeah
that's what I want to tell you now
is that Lamar?
his name is Lamar
he misses you
I'm sorry
I feel like I'm on like
the time you get tested
because I went through like this seven years
that morning
I worked at the Austin Film Society
and I was two feet away from
Johnny Depp at one point
so in the morning I get my dad out of prison
he's been there for six and a half years
that night, two feet away from Johnny Depp
two days later
right next to everyone
he's part of my favorite podcast
and it's nuts
I don't know
I don't know what to say
I'm glad you're here
yes, I am too
I worked there at that building
and I was out of town
and it broke my heart
and I rushed all the way back to town
so I could see the screen
I wouldn't have given anything to have been there
but my friends had Andy over there
he was on the show I heard
so that made Morgan accept me
Andy
Andy, yes
Andy, come up and have a look
come up and have a look
I just didn't know what to do
oh man
thank you so much
oh jeez, there's a lot of people here
I didn't think it would be this way
this is weird
what was your name?
my name is Stefan
thank you so much
I was trying to somehow help you
but you didn't
Stefan, it's not on the video
it's on the video
it's all good
that was a good one
you came up with the live podcast
that we did
Lamar, it's not that good
he was here before me
it's whole, whole
yeah, you have to hurt
you asked my staff
first of all
I just wanted to thank Dan Harmon
for putting your stories
stuff up on channel 101
I'm glad people find me
from the grammar
drum
no, it's great
I'm looking for anything I can
so I have a question for
Neil
I thought it was a really interesting choice
the way that you tease
what sounds like some uncontrollable
anger issues
that Dan has
but to never actually show any of it
and with 650 hours of footage
I'm sure that you had some
could you just talk a little bit about that?
not really, no
thank you
a lot of people say it happens
Dan said
I wish
I wish I had worn my camera
while I was doing that
or behaving that way
the worst I get is
with the person that's supposed to work with me
with Aaron
it feels good
that that comes across in the film
because that's a crime I do commit
but
I don't throw things
I don't hurt
people or anything
it's like I go from
being a big glue
thumb-sucking asshole
being
crazy and stuff
I just didn't mean
because people aren't giving me what I want
and
Aaron who bears the grunge of it
the film touches on that
I don't know
it's a conversation
there was a moment where I said
Dan
what is the worst part of you
being your fans
what can make them not line up to be your autograph
what can make them say
maybe this is a bad guy
and he said
this is how I've been dating a relationship
and Jeff says
you brought up a list of tears
you brought these things up
so it was never
captured on camera
but it was a discussion we had
so to me that was like
if there's a low point
if there's a scary moment
what is it about Dan that his fans
need to know about
and it's his behavior
that stuff's all real
there's a real
petty competitive part of me
that wants to really hammer that home
but
that said
I am in a relationship
with my hero
this person that you guys all look up to
I look up to him just as much
I
published a book with all this writing
and I
admire
I really admire this person
more so than just a boyfriend
I really look up to him
and I ask him for advice
and I ask him for life advice
and when I get set in a relationship
I'll say to him
I'm not sad because I feel
like you were sitting earlier
like how do I deal with that
and he gives me advice in that way
most of the time that works out
the tour
it's all accurate
it was a weird time for us
because I think Dan felt like
not to put this on you
but it seems like over that
month it felt like you were maybe
assuming that I was going to say hi
but I'm so
I'm the luckiest person in the entire world
I was watching the movie and I've seen it before
crying thinking about how lucky I am
how many of us are able to say
I really look up to the person that I'm with
like I look up to him
like he's a professor
or a father
he's my father
totally gross
no, no, he's not my father
but I really look up to him
he's not my
he's not actually not literally my father
no, I mean I
I admire him and I also admire him
because he supports me more than
anyone else in the world
and so much, don't be mistaken
but there's no, he's not taking any favors
by thing with me
I'm incredibly shitty and I put on the money
with nacho cheese all over my face
and my body, like I'm disgusting
I'm equally disgusting
I have told Dan some secrets about
my body this last two weekends
and I'm really shocked and we're perfect
it's like, do you want me to fool him?
what was this?
I don't know
something like a documentary about her
so I could be out of focus in the background
pushing a shopping cart
it's called
my documentary is called a macacan tape
and it's short
Lamar, everybody
Lamar, you have a question?
okay, so
first of all, I want to know who's the best smelly man
in Austin
you fished for that
you fished for that a little bit
oh, he didn't say she could just give you some baseball right away
no, but seriously
but that is hours ago
you might not smell like a good hard man
maybe not
do you want to mention any smells of like
the most delicious
for us
no, but seriously
I was back there watching the movie
I came here late
and I started to realize
you're the worst man ever
listen, listen
I'm dead serious
I just don't have that big point
no, no, no, no
I started cheering up man
because let me tell you why
because I realized how amazing my freaking life is
right?
because I did not realize you
was the dude that created community
right?
so
thank you
no, seriously, I did
crazy names
I just like the creativity
I don't try to remember history names
I just like
no, I'm not, I promise I'm not
but seriously, so I started cheering up
because I was like, are you kidding me
I got called up on stage
by the dude who created the show
that I love the most
you know what I'm saying? which season?
every season
don't say any season
I don't know
who did this though?
market season
you gonna say any other season?
here's the question
I don't know man
so where's my question man
so you didn't do the market season?
I don't know
I have a
too bad period
I like the monkey season
this is a better documentary right now
you made it
I liked it because of the last song of the
show
I got this moringtole
so I got this moringtole
so it wasn't you
but I still
like the show
I got a question for my man
you got a question too?
yes
because I love my life so much
so how did it feel when I was watching this show?
like how did it feel
to get on the show
with Harmontown and just be plucked out of
like I watched that part
you said that but I mean then
you probably won't ever be a warrior right now
so I'm gonna ask you a question
how did it feel to just be like
plucked out of like
nowhere and to become like
a really loved individual
you don't understand
did you tell him Lamar?
yeah
I mean
it felt a while like
not that bad
it felt like it didn't like nothing happened
for a long time I was just kind of
going through the flow and I was like
really understanding
myself as a part of Harmontown
because you know on Harmontown people come up
on stages the thing that audience members do
I was an audience member that came up
on stage right? I didn't think about
being on Harmontown really until like
the tour was like a third of the way through
and I was like oh
I made this
this is something I do
and I
it never really hit me until that part
so I was like geez this is pretty
freaking cool right?
and then I just kept rolling with it
and then afterwards it was just
regular to the knee at that point
I don't know man I don't feel like
it affected me as much as it should
and for that I can change
thank you Lamar
Lamar, thanks for coming to Harmontown
we'll see you in a bit more
so Lamar I'm working on a cooperative
head-holding
sorry
what happened? what happened?
he just opened for you
I don't want to thank everybody
very much on one of them
this amazing group on here
I want to thank all of you
and good evening, thanks for being here
thank you
Andy
especially
after the one I got drunk